hello youtube today I'm back in Sydney
from Ohio I just landed this morning
came back from the Arnold's very
eventful weekend we coached half w onsen
but his third time that he was the
champion at the Arnold strongman
competition which you guys probably
already know all about but today first
session back I was welcomed back home
with my awesome team I'm pretty tired so
I I'm not gonna go heavy today but these
guys definitely are so my stuff is about
when I get off the airplane instead of
going to bed and which is exactly what I
want to do is get some rest because I
haven't really slept that well I like to
so I landed this morning at about 7 a.m.
and I want to try and stay awake all day
so that I can get a better night's sleep
tonight and not just stay awake actually
get moving get a bit of blood through my
body so I'm going to do some really
really light deadlifts so what does that
mean for me it's 200 kilograms the heaps
of sets of one just a bit of technique
work that's not heavy enough to fatigue
me it's enough to get the blood flowing
it's enough to get some good technique
working but what we're gonna see today
is one week out or about not 9 10 days
for these lifters and they're at their
heavy ends so we've got sound sound
Bolin's on the squats we've got a little
ricci and Kev on the bench press and
we've got Chantelle is also going to be
squatting as well so stay tuned for some
really amazing lives I hope you enjoy
[Music]
[Applause]
we're gonna stop
[Music]
[Applause]
I need to sum up that I think it's a
[__] thing man [__] front throw it
on it looks like you nail it the [__]
out of that man no we really celebrate
is a new dispel share my bike
cuz your [__] you're a coward
you see the poached egg backs on the
side that way that was nice
yeah that's perfection man that is
perfection
[Music]
[Applause]
you
all right we're just gonna wrap up a
session
probably the best performance today I'm
not probably definitely the best
performance today and I'll let him
introduce himself what's your name
I'm some columns where you're from from
the UK what are you here for
row row row row is where how many days
out are we lose 10 days from now and
what's what's the best total in
competition kilos of before so be able
to beat and try and get as close to
winning possible and and what's your so
by your training total it's good a
thousand intense and I've what at
following her today dead lifted three
eight four hundred what you've got in
comp last time yeah yeah and now you've
got I mean as your last right now as
your last session but you jet likely be
puts on landed two days ago
gotta get a man from the UK makes a
difference that was made today and if
you saw what I did I didn't want to put
anything heavy on the bar because I'm
pretty tired but Sam as hard as nails
pollens balls of steel boxes and so on
and anyway good session so we look
forward to any more sessions in the next
few days you bench press yesterday just
230 kilograms which was also thinking
yeah and I was one day off the plane so
I didn't actually think that it was
going to be a good idea to attempt that
that was in the program but I was going
to message him and say don't and then
and then I opened my mic line this
morning as I got off a flight and it had
already been done so I was pretty happy
with that man right and then we'll have
such all the heavy stuff with dominant
or moderate tapering into competition
now ready to go yeah good job my man
let's go check out some of the other
lifters what's your name
Devin you on when are you competing next
week so nine nine days out is where it
day before sand yeah what weight class
under intense same as mine and what did
you just benchpress today 235 what's
your best ever do 35 what are you
hunting for in comp 240 all right let's
see how it goes so that's gonna be
really awesome to be benching I'd say
that we've both got to be going for 240
the same number of competition so it's
gonna be really cool that my teammate
and I have they'll be hitting
this is good damn I think there's
another food a bench presser than us on
Monday
there is Kimber Kimber Cooper but he
doesn't count anyway c'mon [__] squats
what's your best squat you're gonna in
training sorry thirty what's your best
diligence done in training 324 - ugly
okay and what's the total that were
hoping for 900 900 total that's got to
be feet and a pretty company's going to
get it as well all right good stuff
thank you Kevin other two more handsome
athlete over here what's your name
little Ricci what's your weight class
normally one foot is but anyway shoot
the heavy weight because the 108 that is
the 125 class so anything over 125 is
super heavy what are you hoping to
achieve what's your what's your squat
Lee hoping to achieve on parole for
plank you're good for 20 benchpress to
55 deadlift 200 what does that total so
thousand 65 on a perfect day that sounds
like somebody quite there that's a big
total for a little guy for that and what
did you do today
now Ben's 244 [__] 244 triple any
more heavy sessions level heavy
vegetation
so hitting sports you doing that with me
on Friday what's that going to be
trained on here for another 394 double
and that's going to be nine days out
okay anymore have you done this like
what was your last heavy bit of a
competition how much was that created
cool huh okay so let's pull them in you
just compete it dissipated like when a
week ago a week ago and you decided
you're gonna take it to the cargo stage
and have the idols without pain which is
going to be greasy now what was your
total there what did you ask what four
quick things
Thanks - pika - ah deadlift you ready -
uh-huh okay so the numbers he spat out
descent unreasonable okay
[Music]
little mingle on the way but this is
little racy is toughest now so as well
as sandbox
he's hard always overhead time good
stuff and we go one more lifter over
here Chantal Chantal
she's still squatting I'm just gonna ask
you two questions before I meet you
what's your enemy and what's your white
class in this next competition 75 kilo
women's in so that's the day before the
men didn't get so that's gonna be Friday
so you are eight nine days nine days
that morning have you for today she
doesn't say the numbers
race race boss she doesn't like to say
our numbers because she does what the
boss says
what's she squatting today I would like
me to support a minimum of 260 so it C
until waited for all of us to train very
very politely so we're all going to hang
around and help her out for her session
but we're going for two hundred and
sixty kilograms for a chick what's your
best never squat so if it's something
that she's already done so we're pretty
confident that we're going to get that
today and that's probably why reset
minimum what's your best to 22 and a
half okay so do be allowed to say the
numbers before a call well the boss over
600 kilogram totally is that going to be
enough to winner because okay that's
pretty damn exciting like when she says
the numbers to me I kind of don't
believe it until I see it and then I say
it it's like alright that did happen but
you guys are going to say it later on
tonight so we're gonna be filming that
and we'll definitely be Chuck eating
that's all hope you enjoyed the team
first option since out
good luck Chanel sorry it's hotel only
for Chanel and that's the team actually
it's not the team got two more we got
two more that's that's big basa actually
he's going head-to-head with race it's
going to be a close one because they
both got their basses squad is on par
with racers basses bench press is two
hundred and seventy kilograms he's got
the best in Australia and his deadlift
lets him down so so what he makes for up
for in bench press lets him down and
davis oh it's gonna be a head-to-head
we've also got Jenaya who's in my weight
class 110 kilo class we forgive him for
not being here because he's in New
Zealand but he came here last week he
hung around and he squatted his best it
was 355 squatting training 340 squatting
training benchpress 175 so his
benchpress definitely lets him down but
he's gonna be going for a 900 kilo total
in my weight class again a lot of people
ask me if I coach people in my weight
class hell yeah I do but they coach me
as well we're all in the same team and
it's actually really enjoyable to go
head-to-head with your teammates as well
so it's no animosity or head-butting or
anything like that and it's gonna be a
really cool weekend so we are 9 days out
from the girls divisions is on the
Friday my weight class is the one tense
that's going to be on the Saturday and
we've got the big boys which is Sam
Bolin's and and little Ricci are gonna
be on the heavy weights class on the
Sunday so stay tuned and we're going to
be recording the whole day and faster as
well so I didn't mean to leave our big
Vassar the 110 class that's gonna be
myself
Genoa and keV is on the Saturday and
then on Sunday we've got little Ricci
Sam balance and
after three days we got Benny or BAE's
on the camera he's going to be flying
down to record the whole weekend
so that's we've still got a few more
sessions so stay tuned for that and stay
tuned for a big weekend next weekend
[Music]